Switch to using nightly images (#424)
theforeman/foremanctl: RELEASE.md

# Release

## Version Scheme

> - `master` is always tagged with the current development version: `X.Y-develop`

Reviewer: I think we don't keep the tag updated. The tag is created when we branch a stable release
```suggestion
- `master` always contains a tag with the current development version: `X.Y-develop`
```

- Stable branches are named `X.Y-stable`

> - Release tags on stable branches follow `X.Y.Z` (e.g., `3.18.0`, `3.18.1`)

Reviewer: Perhaps also mention the RC tags? Not sure if it should be be separated with a dash or dot and also uppercase vs lowercase. So `3.18.0-RC1`, `3.18.0.RC1`, `3.18.0-rc1`, or `3.18.0.rc1`.

## Branching for a Release

When ready to stabilize a version (e.g., 3.18):

1. Create the stable branch from master:

   ```
   git checkout master
   git checkout -b 3.18-stable

>    git push origin 3.18-stable

Reviewer: You don't need to be on a branch to branch it there and you can push the current branch with HEAD, avoiding copy-paste errors. Then if you assume the remote is `origin` you can also ensure the latest version is used, even if your local branch is older. I also like setting up branch tracking by using `--set-upstream`
```suggestion
   git fetch origin
   git checkout -b 3.18-stable origin/master
   git push --set-upstream origin HEAD
```

Or even without touching your local checkout at all:
```suggestion
   git fetch origin
   git push --set-upstream origin origin/master:3.18-stable
```

But that may end up being a bit too magical.

# Release

## Version Scheme

- `master` always contains a tag with the current development version: `X.Y-develop`
- Stable branches are named `X.Y-stable`

> - Release candidate tags on stable branches follow `X.Y.Z-rc` (e.g. `3.18.0-rc1`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Release candidate tags on stable branches follow `X.Y.Z-rcN` (e.g. `3.18.0-rc1`)
```

- Release tags on stable branches follow `X.Y.Z` (e.g., `3.18.0`, `3.18.1`)

## Branching for a Release

When ready to stabilize a version (e.g., 3.18):

1. Create the stable branch from master:

   ```
   git fetch origin
   git checkout -b 3.18-stable origin/master
   git push --set-upstream origin HEAD
   ```

> 2. Update `src/vars/images.yml` on the stable branch to reference the release images (e.g., `foreman-3.18`).

Reviewer: Perhaps suggest a command?
```
sed -i '/container_tag_stream/ s/nightly/foreman-3.18/' src/vars/images.yml
```

Reviewer 2: ```
sed -i '/container_tag_stream:/ s/:.*/: "${{ matrix.upgrade_to }}"/' src/vars/images.yml
```
is what we use in our CI

> 2. Update `src/vars/images.yml` on the stable branch to reference the release images (e.g., `foreman-3.18`).

Reviewer 2: the reference is `3.18`, not `foreman-3.18`
```suggestion
2. Update `src/vars/images.yml` on the stable branch to reference the release images (e.g., `3.18`).
```
